I am a girl / group of girls joining. What measures will be in place for our safety?
Your safety is our priority. We foster a culture of safety and comfort, where everyone can be their authentic self. If anyone in the group harasses or engages in behavior that makes you uncomfortable, they’ll be strictly excluded from all further activities, and Tipsy Turtle will only support their stay — absolutely nothing more.

How many people will be on the trip?
We will have 14-18 travelers, creating an intimate group experience while still having enough people to make new friends. We carefully curate our groups to ensure a good mix of like-minded individuals.

What will be the gender ratio in the trip?
We will aim for a balanced ratio of around 65% girls and 35% guys. To that end, we may refuse refuse bookings that upends the ratio.

What's the Ambassador program and do I qualify?
Ambassadors are special travellers among us who accept the responsibility to level the vibe up, both in person and on social media, in exchange for a sweet discount.

I have more questions - what should I pack, how much should I budget for additional expenses, etc.
We will create a group chat, and all these and more will be answered :) You shall receive complete assistance from before the start to after the end.

Will there be vegetarian or Indian food options available?
Yes, Bali and Gili both have plently vegetarian, vegan and Indian food options. We will help you with great recommendations.

What happens if I get sick or injured during the trip?
We will help you out. Depending on your situation, we will help you get bed-rest or admit you into a local hospital. Falling sick with Tipsy Turtle there to help is far better than falling sick when alone in a foreign land. Although let's hope neither of that happens.

Can I join the group alone, or do I need to come with friends?
Tipsy Turtle loves solo travellers. We also love groups.

How do I stay connected with my family back home?
We will provide sim-card with enough internet for the duration of the trip. The network is also pretty good in Bali and Gili.

What if I’ve never traveled abroad before?
Take the leap then. Break your passport's stamp virginity. We will ensure this special first-abroad trip is extra awesome. 

What is your cancellation policy?
Check out out cancellation policy page.